Add option to purchase commerical license (#725)
cleanlab/cleanlab: README.md

See [GNU Affero General Public LICENSE](https://github.com/cleanlab/cleanlab/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.
You can email us to discuss licensing: team@cleanlab.ai

> ### Commercial licensing cleanlab for teams and enterprises
> 
> Commercial licensing is available for teams and enterprises that need to use cleanlab in their ML and analytics workflows, but are unable to open-source their code. Please contact [us here](mailto:sales@cleanlab.ai).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Commercial licensing

Commercial licensing is available for teams and enterprises that want to use cleanlab in production workflows, but are unable to open-source their code. Please contact us [here](mailto:sales@cleanlab.ai).
```
